Grammatical error (#150)
ietf-wg-scone/scone: draft-ietf-scone-protocol.md

that it will adhere to advice; in some cases, the endpoint cannot. For
example, a flow could initially be used to serve video chunks, with the client

> selecting appropriate chunks based on received advice, but later switch to a

Reviewer: It could make sense to talk about adaptive bitrate selection while we describe video.

```suggestion
selecting chunks of different bitrates based on received advice, but later switch to a
```
